--- GETTING STARTED ---

STEP 0: Install Visual Studio (we have verified that it works with
Visual Studio Community 2015) and make sure you include the C++
compiler during the installation (by default, the C++ compiler is not
installed in Visual Studio 2015 because it is "optional"). You will
also need to install cmake for Windows. Finally, you may also want to
install git to interact with the opengl-examples git repository.

NOTE about 32bit vs 64bit: This process has been tested when all of
the libraries are 32-bit and you build the project as a 32-bit
program. If you want to build a 64-bit version, it should also
work. But, for simplicity, we recommend using 32-bit.

STEP 1: You will first need to download several libraries that
opengl-examples depends on. Place libraries that you download into a
single folder named "opengl-libs" right next to your "opengl-examples"
folder. Extract the contents of the library zip files that you
download into the opengl-libs folder directly (don't create extra
subdirectories).

STEP 2: Download and compile each of the following
libraries. Instructions for obtaining and compiling these libraries
are available in separate text files in this directory. Don't put
multiple versions of any one library inside of your opengl-libs
folder---having multiple versions available may confuse the build
process.

 - ASSIMP
 - GLFW - Download either the 32-bit precompiled version or the source code.
 - Glew
 - VRPN - Optional: if in doubt, skip it.

STEP 3: Open the cmake-gui app. Set the "Where is the source code" and
"Where to build the binaries" to be your opengl-examples folder. If
you have previously completed this step but are getting unusual
results, first go to "File" and click "Delete cache". Next, click
"Configure", proceed with the default 32-bit build (64-bit hasn't
been tested). If there are any obvious error messages relating to the
three libraries above, attempt to fix them. If the libraries are not
being found, look at the top of the cmake output to see a listing of
different directories where cmake is trying to find your libraries and
make sure that everything looks OK. Once everything is properly
configured, press "Generate".

STEP 4: Open opengl-examples.sln in Visual Studio. Try building the
"triangle" program (a simple program that doesn't depend on ASSIMP)
and the "viewer" program (a program that does depend on assimp).

STEP 5: Look for the programs you built in
opengl-examples/bin/Debug. But, before you try to run them, you will
need to copy these two files next to your binary in opengl-examples/bin/Debug:

- opengl-libs/assimp-???/bin/Debug/assimp-vc???-mtd.dll 
- opengl-libs/glew-???/bin/Release/Win32/glew32.dll

Tip: Make your file browser show you filename extensions. There may be
other similarly named and similar looking files. You want the .dll
files!


--- TODO ---

 - Get the code to work with ImageMagick



